yo what up G let me tell you about ec
you ain't got no life you ain't got no
friends and I know you want to spend
your weekend with 40 people you don't
know and some guy named Bob telling you
what to do putting a website wow you can
be a winner we're MC Raiders you ain't
got to tell me about to do mint if you
got caught pregnant you've already been
through it talk to the quick i'll jump
through the hole and give me a ball so i
can bore like a bull man
let's go bitches over on the left then
take on the right hold those big-ass
Giants who pulled the serger with the
core hound I take a hundred get buddy
dead now shut up noob this is my song
sorry loose upon magma dark in the cigar
I'm status players have you got that bar
okay who is the living boss I didn't
know well congratulations you win the
dumbass award this is my first time
you're not least enough for both indoor
we r MZ raiders doesn't tell me about
the Mavericks I just disenchanted 12
inexus shuts work on the maghuin sort of
your on another Dunder strike that
nobody will roll on Eldon unless anybody
I am not wasting dkp on that piece of
crap ok major domos test it's time for
the fastener will we get to leave when I
divinity why don't we have a druid tank
rag hacks I've got 13,000 AC nurse
shadow form okay now I'm gonna do it
anyway hell no for MC Raiders we hey ya
know